explain required Terraform config and init (#366)
cloudflare/cf-terraforming: README.md

start managing them via Terraform, and don't want to spend the time to manually
write the Terraform configuration to describe them.

> See also the [blog page](https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflares-partnership-with-hashicorp-and-bootstrapping-terraform-with-cf-terraforming/) for further details on installation and usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Read the announcement [blog](https://blog.cloudflare.com/cloudflares-partnership-with-hashicorp-and-bootstrapping-terraform-with-cf-terraforming/) for further details on using `cf-terraforming` in your workflow.
```

  balancers, spectrum applications, etc)
* A valid Cloudflare API key and sufficient permissions to access the resources
  you are requesting via the API

> * An initialised Terraform directory
> 
> ### Terraform directory
> 
> To set up a terraform directory you need a config file `main.tf` containing
> 
> ```
> terraform {
>     required_providers {
>         cloudflare = {
>             source = "cloudflare/cloudflare"
>         }	
>     }
> }
> 
> provider "cloudflare" {
> # api_token  = ""  ## Commented out as we are using an environment var
> }
> ```
> 
> You then need to run `terraform init` within this directory to initialize it.

Reviewer: this isn't really the place for telling people _how_ to organise and run Terraform; instead, let's just call out the command explicitly.

```suggestion
* An initialised Terraform directory (`terraform init` has run and providers installed)
```
